\# Monty Project

\## Overview

Welcome to the Monty Project! Monty is a versatile and easy-to-use
programming language designed for simplicity and readability. This
README provides essential information to get you started with the Monty
programming language.

\## Table of Contents

\- \[Getting Started\](#getting-started) - \[Features\](#features) -
\[Syntax\](#syntax) - \[Examples\](#examples) -
\[Contributing\](#contributing) - \[License\](#license)

\## Getting Started

To start using Monty, follow these simple steps:

1\. Clone the Monty repository: \`git clone
https://github.com/your-username/monty.git\` 2. Navigate to the project
directory: \`cd monty\` 3. Build Monty using the provided makefile:
\`make\` 4. Run the Monty interpreter: \`./monty\`

Now you\'re ready to write and execute Monty code!

\## Features

\- \*\*Simple and Readable:\*\* Monty is designed to be straightforward
and easy to understand, making it an excellent language for beginners
and experienced developers alike.

\- \*\*Stack-Based:\*\* Monty follows a stack-based execution model,
allowing for efficient and intuitive manipulation of data.

\- \*\*Extensible:\*\* Monty is extensible, enabling the incorporation
of additional features and libraries to suit your specific needs.

\- \*\*Cross-Platform:\*\* Monty is designed to run on multiple
platforms, ensuring flexibility in development environments.

\## Syntax

Monty syntax is designed to be minimalistic and clear. Here are some key
elements:

\- Commands are case-sensitive. - Each command is written on a new
line. - Comments start with a \`#\` symbol.

Example Monty code:

\`\`\`monty \# This is a Monty program push 1 push 2 add pall \`\`\`

This program pushes two values onto the stack, adds them, and then
prints the entire stack.

\## Examples

Explore the \`examples\` directory in the repository for more Monty code
samples. To run an example, use the following command:

\`\`\`bash ./monty examples/example_file.m \`\`\`

\## Contributing

We welcome contributions to the Monty Project! To contribute, follow
these steps:

1\. Fork the repository. 2. Create a new branch for your feature or bug
fix: \`git checkout -b feature-name\`. 3. Make your changes and commit
them: \`git commit -m \"Description of changes.\"\`. 4. Push your
changes to your fork: \`git push origin feature-name\`. 5. Create a pull
request.

Please follow our \[contribution guidelines\](CONTRIBUTING.md) for more
details.

\## License

Monty is open-source software licensed under the \[MIT
License\](LICENSE). See the LICENSE file for more information.
